Fix doc getting started (#642)
pyansys/pydpf-core: docs/source/getting_started/index.rst

Getting started
===============

The Data Processing Framework (DPF) provides numerical simulation users and engineers with a toolbox

> for accessing and transforming simulation data. DPF can access data from solver result files as well
> as several neutral formats (csv, hdf5, vtk, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for accessing and transforming simulation data. DPF can access data from solver result (RST) files as well
as several neutral file formats, including CSV, HDF5, and VTK.
```
Guidelines say not to use Latin phrases.

> This **workflow-based** framework allows to perform complex preprocessing and postprocessing
> operations of large amounts of simulation data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This **workflow-based** framework allows you to perform complex preprocessing and postprocessing
operations on large amounts of simulation data.
```

> PyDPF-Core is a python client API communicating with **DPF Server** either remotely using gRPC

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
PyDPF-Core is a python client API communicating with a **DPF server** either remotely using gRPC
```

> or directly in the same process.

Author: Maybe I'll remove remotely then, because can be "local" to the same machine?

> PyDPF-Core is a python client API communicating with a **DPF Server** either through the network using gRPC
> or directly in the same process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PyDPF-Core is a Python client API communicating with a **DPF server**, either through the network using gRPC
or directly in the same process.
```

> Installing PyDPF-Core Client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing PyDPF-Core
```

> Installing PyDPF-Core Client
> ----------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing PyDPF-Core
---------------------
```

In a Python environment, run the following command:

.. code::

   pip install ansys-dpf-core

> For more installation options, refer to the :ref:`Installation section <installation>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more installation options, see :ref:`Installation section <installation>`.
```

Installing DPF Server
---------------------

#. DPF Server is packaged within **Ansys Unified Installer** starting with Ansys 2021 R1.
   To use it, install Ansys following the installer instructions. For any trouble, refer to the
   :ref:`Environment variable section <ref_compatibility>`.
   For more information on getting a licensed copy of Ansys,
   visit the `Ansys website <https://www.ansys.com/>`_.

> #. DPF Server is available as a **standalone** package available on the Ansys Customer Portal.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. A DPF Server package can be used independently of the Ansys Installer. It is available on the Ansys Customer Portal.
```

> #. DPF Server is available as a **standalone** package (independent of the Ansys Installer) available on the Ansys Customer Portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. DPF Server is available as a **standalone** package (independent of the Ansys installer) on the `Ansys Customer Portal <https://support.ansys.com/Home/HomePage>`_.
```

   Protected by Ansys license mechanism (see
   :ref:`Ansys licensing section <ref_getting_started_with_dpf_server>`), once having access to an
   Ansys license, install DPF Server with:

.. card::

    #. Download the ansys_dpf_server_win_v2023.2.pre0.zip or ansys_dpf_server_lin_v2023.2.pre0.zip
       file as appropriate.
    #. Unzip the package and go to the root folder of the unzipped package
       (ansys_dpf_server_win_v2023.2.pre0 or ansys_dpf_server_lin_v2023.2.pre0).

>     #. In a Python environment, run the following command:

Author: only " to the root folder of the unzipped package"

>     #. In a Python environment, run the following command:

Reviewer 3: True, didn't see that (went straight to the code, as we said yesterday)

    .. code::

        pip install -e .

>     * DPF Server is protected using license terms specified in the DPFUserLicensingAgreement.txt
>       file that can be found on the Ansys Customer Portal. To accept the DPF User Licensing
>       Agreement terms, the following environment flag must be set:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * DPF Server is protected using the license terms specified in the ``DPFUserLicensingAgreement.txt``
      file, which is found on the Ansys Customer Portal. To accept these terms, you must set the
      following environment flag:
```

    .. code::

        ANSYS_DPF_ACCEPT_LA=Y

> For other ways of using the Server (without pip install, user **Docker Containers**...), see
> :ref:`ref_getting_started_with_dpf_server`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For installation methods that do not use pip install, such as using **Docker containers**, see
:ref:`ref_getting_started_with_dpf_server`.
```

Use PyDPF-Core
--------------

> In the same Python environment, run the following command:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
In the same Python environment, run the following command to use PyDPF-Core:
```

         -  stiffness_matrix_energy: Elemental Energy-stiffness matrix
         -  artificial_hourglass_energy: Elemental Hourglass Energy
         -  thermal_dissipation_energy: Elemental thermal dissipation energy
         -  kinetic_energy: Elemental Kinetic Energy
         -  co_energy: Elemental co-energy
         -  incremental_energy: Elemental incremental energy
         -  elastic_strain: ElementalNodal Strain
         -  structural_temperature: ElementalNodal Temperature
    ------------------------------
    DPF  Meshed Region:
      69762 nodes
      39315 elements
      Unit: m
      With solid (3D) elements
    ------------------------------
    DPF  Time/Freq Support:
      Number of sets: 3
    Cumulative     Time (s)       LoadStep       Substep
    1              1.000000       1              1
    2              2.000000       1              2
    3              3.000000       1              3

.. code:: python

    >>> over_time_disp = model.results.displacement().eval()
    >>> over_time_disp[0].plot()

.. figure:: ../images/plotting/crankshaft_disp.png

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 3
   :hidden:
   
   compatibility
   install
   dependencies

>    docker

Reviewer 2: @cbellot000 maybe we should delete the docker.rst file ?

Author: @anslpa I removed it from the doc it will not appear, but we still have the file
